Hopkins ID: 1945C9

Structure Justification:
Following conventional coding principles, I sought to design this project in a modular fashion
to help increase readability as well as ease of production. To do this, I created a header file 
and a cpp file containing definitions for all of my self-made functions. This can be seen through 
all of digraph_analyzer.cpp as I make numerous calls to these functions.   

The functions were divided into more minor helper functions (e.g. converting a word to all lowercase)
and more robust main functions. The minor functions were added as I made the project whenever I saw the 
need to make more. The main functions covered essentially every aspect of the project besides the user 
inputs, which were implemented in the main digraph_analyzer.cpp file but supplemented with user functions.

The first main functions involved the reading and searching of digraphs within the text. The digraphs to 
search for were initialized into a vector. This created a list of digraphs I could refer to in the future. 
This was useful for making the map of digraphs and container words for those digraphs. This composed the 
second function. 

From there, I made a base print function for printing a single entry from the map of digraphs. This formed 
the basis of my other print functions, which were simply iterative loops calling on the original. For printing counts,
it was slightly more involved but remedied through the use of the sort function and a self-defined comparator. 
In addition, the final print function was essentially reusing the code from my original base function with 
a minor change in print output in the first line of code. Reusing the base print function saved me much time. 

From there, I finished the rest of my code in the main digraph_analyzer.cpp file. Besides adding a few 
if-else statements to detect the proper user input, the code was essentially finished via the functions 
from the digraph_functions.cpp file. Overall, using this modular approach great improved my productivity 
and awareness of my program. 

